Feature: decline button in the email (#712)
djangonaut-space/wagtail-indymeet: home/templates/email/acceptance_reminder/body.txt

The duration of this program is {{ session.start_date|date:"F d, Y" }} - {{ session.end_date|date:"F d, Y" }}.
To learn more about the program you can read our documentation here: https://github.com/djangonaut-space/program

> To ensure that everyone got their experience at best for this Session we're asking to let us know if it's not a good time for you to join Djangonaut Space in order to let other people to join.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If something has changed and it's no longer a good time for you to join Djangonaut Space, please let us know. This allows us to invite other people to join.
```
